Added changes for using Target Tracking Policy (#65)
rackspace-infrastructure-automation/aws-terraform-ec2_asg: README.md

New variable `ssm_bootstrap_list` was added to allow setting the SSM association steps using objects instead of strings, allowing easier linting and formatting of these lines.  The `additional_ssm_bootstrap_list` variable will continue to work, but will be deprecated in a future release.

> ## Requirements

Author: I generated the new README.md file with the command provided by you. However, still CircleCI is getting fail with the same error message

> ## Requirements

Reviewer: ill give it a try and push to your branch

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| additional\_ssm\_bootstrap\_list | A list of maps consisting of main step actions, to be appended to SSM associations. Please see usage.tf.example in this repo for examples.<br><br>(DEPRECATED) This variable will be removed in future releases in favor of the `ssm_bootstrap_list` variable. | `list(map(string))` | `[]` | no |
| additional\_tags | Additional tags to be added to the ASG instance(s). Format: list of maps. Please see usage.tf.example in this repo for examples.<br><br>(DEPRECATED) This variable will be removed in future releases in favor of the `tags` and `tags_asg` variables. | `list(map(string))` | `[]` | no |

> | alb\_resource\_label | Enter the ALB and Target group in this format : app/load-balancer-name/load-balancer-id/targetgroup/target-group-name/target-group-id | `string` | `null` | no |

Reviewer 2: Looks like we have a bug in our version of tfdocs, so its incorrectly rendering this line as:

```suggestion
| alb\_resource\_label | Enter the ALB and Target group in this format : app/load-balancer-name/load-balancer-id/targetgroup/target-group-name/target-group-id | `string` | n/a | yes |
```

Author: My terraform-docs version is v0.10.0 which is the issue. Since you have a correct working version, hence please add the commit and merge the changes. Thanks.

| additional\_tags | Additional tags to be added to the ASG instance(s). Format: list of maps. Please see usage.tf.example in this repo for examples.<br><br>(DEPRECATED) This variable will be removed in future releases in favor of the `tags` and `tags_asg` variables. | `list(map(string))` | `[]` | no |
| alb\_target\_value | Enter the target value for 'Application Load Balancer request count per target' metric for Target Tracking Policy. | `string` | `"50"` | no |
| asg\_count | Number of identical ASG's to deploy | `string` | `"1"` | no |
| asg\_wait\_for\_capacity\_timeout | A maximum duration that Terraform should wait for ASG instances to be healthy before timing out. | `string` | `"10m"` | no |
| backup\_tag\_value | Value of the 'Backup' tag, used to assign te EBSSnapper configuration | `string` | `"False"` | no |
| cloudwatch\_log\_retention | The number of days to retain Cloudwatch Logs for this instance. | `string` | `"30"` | no |

> | cpu\_target\_value | nter the target value for 'Average CPU Utilization' metric for Target Tracking Policy. | `string` | `"50"` | no |

Author: I have corrected it
